Oxhunter526

high

# Unrestricted Ownership Assignment in OTLMFactory's `deploy` Function

## Summary
The `deploy` function in the OTLMFactory contract possesses unrestricted ownership assignment, allowing any external account to deploy a new OTLM contract and become its owner. This can lead to unauthorized individuals gaining control over OTLM contracts.
## Vulnerability Detail
1. The `deploy` function is defined as external, allowing it to be called by any external account.
2. The function sets the owner of the newly deployed OTLM contract to `msg.sender`, which represents the address of the caller of the `deploy` function.
3. There are no restrictions on who can call the `deploy` function, meaning anyone can deploy an OTLM contract and become its owner.
## Impact
The unrestricted ownership assignment in the `deploy` function allows any external account to deploy an OTLM contract and become its owner. This creates a situation where unauthorized individuals can gain control over OTLM contracts, potentially leading to misuse, manipulation, or loss of funds associated with those contracts.
## Code Snippet
(
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-bond/blob/main/options/src/fixed-strike/liquidity-mining/OTLMFactory.sol#L43-L58
)
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address the issue of unrestricted ownership assignment in the `deploy` function, a solution can be implemented by introducing a modifier to verify the authorization of the caller. Here's an example of how it can be done:
```solidity
modifier onlyAuthorized {
    require(msg.sender == authorizedAddress, "Unauthorized caller");
    _;
}

function setAuthorizedAddress(address _address) external {
    authorizedAddress = _address;
}

function deploy(ERC20 stakedToken_, ERC20 payoutToken_, Style style_) external onlyAuthorized returns (OTLM) {
    // Deployment logic
}

```
