TrungOre

high

# Users must pay a lot of fee to claim rewards when they first stake in the OTLM contracts


## Summary
See the detail 

## Vulnerability Detail
Function `OTLM.stake()` is used to deposit staking tokens into the contract to earn rewards. 
```solidity=
/// link = https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-bond/blob/main/options/src/fixed-strike/liquidity-mining/OTLM.sol#L304-L335
function stake(
    uint256 amount_,
    bytes calldata proof_
) external nonReentrant requireInitialized updateRewards tryNewEpoch {
    ... 
    
    uint256 userBalance = stakeBalance[msg.sender];
    if (userBalance > 0) {
        // Claim outstanding rewards, this will update the rewards per token claimed
        _claimRewards();
    } else {
        // Initialize the rewards per token claimed for the user to the stored rewards per token
        rewardsPerTokenClaimed[msg.sender] = rewardsPerTokenStored;
    }
    
    ...
}
```
When a user calls the OTLM.stake() function for the first time, instead of invoking `OTLM._claimRewards()`, the value of `rewardPerTokenClaimed[msg.sender]` is set to `rewardsPerTokenStored`. This means that the `lastEpochClaimed[user]` remains unmodified, effectively setting it to `0`. In simpler terms, if it's the user's initial stake, `lastEpochClaimed[user]` will be `0`.

However, there is a potential issue if the current epoch is significantly large, such as `1e5`. If a user calls functions like `OTLM.claimRewards()`, `OTLM.stake()`, or `OTLM.unstake()` under this circumstance, the transaction will fail and revert. The reason behind this failure is that these functions internally call the `OTLM._claimRewards()` function, which iterates through all the epochs the user has not claimed rewards for. In this case, it would loop from `0` to the current epoch (`1e5`), resulting in an excessively expensive computation that exceeds the gas limit.
```solidity=
/// link = https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-bond/blob/main/options/src/fixed-strike/liquidity-mining/OTLM.sol#L421-L424
for (uint48 i = userLastEpoch; i <= epoch; i++) {
    // For each epoch that the user has not claimed rewards for, claim the rewards
    totalRewardsClaimed += _claimEpochRewards(i);
}
```
An alternative approach to mitigate this problem is to use the `OTLM.claimNextEpochRewards()` function, which enables users to claim rewards for their two nearest unclaimed epochs up to the current epoch. However, this solution still poses inconvenience for users due to the excessively high gas cost associated with executing the function. Furthermore, since users have not participated in those unclaimed epochs, they do not receive any rewards for them. Consequently, there is no incentive or compensation for users to call this function.

## Impact
Users must pay a lot of fee til the current epoch to claim their reward

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-06-bond/blob/main/options/src/fixed-strike/liquidity-mining/OTLM.sol#L421-L424

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Set `lastEpochClaimed[msg.sender] = epoch` for the initial stake of the sender. 